Update to Dev CoC - Negligence criteria (#103)
RetroAchievements/docs: docs/guidelines/developers/code-of-conduct.md

This document covers developers' rights, responsibilities, and rules for fair play.

[[toc]]

**If you are not a dev, check [how to become a developer](/developer-docs/how-to-become-an-achievement-developer).**

> **See Also**: [Users Code of Conduct](/guidelines/users/code-of-conduct).

Reviewer: PPSSPP.org

Reviewer: Kaouppsspp.org

### Negligence

> Maintenance of existing achievements is a developer's highest priority on RetroAchievements. Tickets shall be addressed as soon as possible. A developer shall be considered negligent and lose the developer role if they have either of the following:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**A developer's highest priority on RetroAchievements is maintaining the achievements they've created.** Tickets shall be addressed as soon as possible. A developer shall be considered negligent and lose the developer role if they have either of the following:
```

- 5 or more unaddressed tickets that are at least 1 month old.
- Any unaddressed tickets that are at least 2 months old.

> An unaddressed ticket is defined as a ticket that has not had a comment by the developer in at least 2 weeks. If a developer cannot resolve a ticket with the information provided in the ticket and the reporter is unresponsive, the ticket may be closed as "Not enough information." If a developer is still working on a ticket, they must make a status update comment at least every 2 weeks for the ticket to be considered being actively addressed.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
An unaddressed ticket is defined as a ticket that has not had a comment by the developer in at least 2 weeks. If a developer cannot resolve a ticket due to insufficient information in the ticket and the reporter is unresponsive, the ticket may be closed as "Not enough information." If a developer is still working on a ticket, they must provide a status update comment at least every 2 weeks for the ticket to be considered being actively addressed.
```

> The intent of the Negligence policy is to ensure developers are putting forth a good faith effort to prioritize and resolve their tickets. If there are extenuating circumstances that might prevent a developer from meeting the Negligence requirements, [DevCompliance](https://retroachievements.org/messages/create?to=DevCompliance) may grant an extension upon request.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The intent of the Negligence policy is to ensure developers make a good faith effort to prioritize and resolve their tickets. If there are extenuating circumstances that might prevent a developer from meeting the Negligence requirements, [DevCompliance](https://retroachievements.org/messages/create?to=DevCompliance) may grant an extension upon request.
```
